This directory contains the test programs for the MOC libraries and card
interfaces. Much of the code in these test programs was then merged into
the MOC test driver programs.

These test programs are useful not only for testing the MOC functions, but
also for displaying the BIT from a card, or producing the compact card
templates.

Program description:

	testbit - Test a Biometric Information Template (BIT) contained in
	          a file.
        testmocprune - Test the match-on-card prune/sort/convert function,
                       using an ANSI-378 template file, min/max minutiae, and
                       sorting criteria. This program can be used to create
                       the converted CC record using the same parameters that
                       are in a card's BIT.
	testmtdo - Test the created of a Minutiae Template Data Object, as
                   described in the MINEX-II specification. A ISO-CC template
                   file is read in and converted to a Tag-Length-Value data
                   object, and then printed to stdout.

If you run testmocprune to prune/convert/sort some ANSI-378 files, then run
testmtdo on those file, you'll have a print out of the minutiae template
data object that is sent to the card for ENROLL and VERIFY.

	testcardaccess - Test some basic smart card access, using a Personal
                         Identity Verification (PIV) card with a specific
	                 password, hard-coded in the test program. This program
                         is a left over from other testing, but is still
                         useful.
Some of the test programs require a file containing data for input, and
example files are included in this directory. They are:
	BIT.dat - Input data for the testbit program; Contains a sample
		  Biometric Information Template (BIT) group with two BITs.
	ISOCC.min - Contains a set of minutiae ISO compact card format for
		    the testmtdo program.  Each minutiae point is represented
		    with three bytes, and no header information is present.
		    Be aware that reading this file will cause an EOF warning
		    out of the testmtdo program.
